# You should modify this to meet your enviroment
forwardto:          root
null:               /dev/null
pager:              admin
alerts:             pager
postmaster:         postmaster
mailer-daemon:      postmaster
admin:              forwardto
shutdown:           alerts
bin:                admin
daemon:             admin
adm:                admin
lp:                 admin
sync:               admin
halt:               admin
mail:               admin
news:               admin
uucp:               admin
operator:           admin
games:              admin
gopher:             admin
ftp:                admin
contact:            admin
radiusd:            admin
nut:                admin
dbus:               admin
vcsa:               admin
canna:              admin
wnn:                admin
rpm:                admin
nscd:               admin
pcap:               admin
webalizer:          admin
dovecot:            admin
fax:                admin
quagga:             admin
radvd:              admin
pvm:                admin
amanda:             admin
privoxy:            admin
ident:              admin
named:              admin
xfs:                admin
gdm:                admin
mailnull:           admin
postgres:           admin
sshd:               admin
smmsp:              admin
postfix:            admin
netdump:            admin
ldap:               admin
squid:              admin
ntp:                admin
mysql:              admin
desktop:            admin
rpcuser:            admin
rpc:                admin
snort:              admin
nfsnobody:          admin
ingres:             admin
system:             admin
toor:               admin
manager:            admin
dumper:             admin
abuse:              admin
webmaster:          admin
newsadm:            news
newsadmin:          news
usenet:             news
virusalert:         pager
virusadmin:         virusalert
apache:             webmaster
www:                webmaster
proxy-admin:        admin
feedback:           admin
noc:                admin
security:           pager
hostmaster:         admin
info:               postmaster
sales:              postmaster
support:            postmaster
monit:              monitoring
monitoring:         pager
alert:              pager
virus-tester:       admin
backups:            admin
update:             admin
updates:            admin
munin:              admin
webmin:             admin
usermin:            admin
virtualmin:         admin
icecast:            admin
status:             admin
nagios:             admin
logwatch:           admin
logcheck:           admin
fail2ban:           pager
aide:               admin
dkim-milter:        admin
decode:             admin
asterisk:           admin
pbx:                admin
sms:                pager
uptimed:            admin
cron:               admin
maintenance:        alerts
smartmon:           alerts
logs:               admin
hosting:            admin
request:            hosting
hosting-request:    hosting
push:               admin
privacy:            admin
policy:             admin
nas-server:         admin
build-system:       admin
faxes:              faxmaster
faxing:             faxmaster
faxmaster:          admin
reminders:          no-reply
bugzilla-daemon:    no-reply
vm:                 no-reply
kaltura:            admin
dnssec-tools:       admin
system-scripts:     admin
ca-request:         forwardto
nas:                admin
nobody:             null
accounting:         null
noreply:            null
no-reply:           null
marketing:          null
contactus:          null
devices:            admin
notifications:      admin
faxadmin:           admin
feedadmin:          alert
dnsadmin:           admin
ftpadm:             ftp
ftpadmin:           ftp
ssladmin:           pager
ssl-admin:          pager
www-admin:          admin
dns-admin:          admin
ca-admin:           admin
radio-admin:        admin
ftp-adm:            ftp
ftp-admin:          ftp
docker-admin:       admin
cvsadmin:           scm-admin
git-admin:          scm-admin
svn-admin:          scm-admin
cvs-admin:          scm-admin
bzr-admin:          scm-admin
travis-ci:          ci-admin
jenkins-ci:         ci-admin
gitlab-ci:          ci-admin
jenkins:            ci-admin
ci-admin:           admin
scm-admin:          admin
